[rhacs] Update vulnerability reporting for 4.11 (#115043)
openshift/openshift-docs: operating/manage-vulnerabilities/vulnerability-reporting.adoc

[role="_abstract"]

> You can create and download an on-demand image vulnerability report by clicking *Vulnerability Management* -> *Reports* and selecting the *Report configurations* tab in the {rh-rhacs-first} portal. This report contains a comprehensive list of common vulnerabilities and exposures in clusters, deployments, and namespaces. Vulnerabilities in the images of a deplyment are called workload CVEs. Cluster CVEs are vulnerabilities related specifically to the orchestrator itself, such as the kube-api-server or generic OpenShift vulnerabilities, rather than vulnerabilities tied to specific container images or nodes.

Reviewer: > Cluster CVEs are vulnerabilities related specifically to the orchestrator itself, such as the kube-api-server or generic OpenShift vulnerabilities, rather than vulnerabilities tied to specific container images or nodes.

I'm not sure Cluster CVEs are relevant to reporting, at least if you are talking about CVEs listed under the "Kubernetes Components" section, which are specific to Scanner v2 and actually will be removed in a future version.

If you are talking about the "Platform" CVEs - this is mostly accurate. These are still CVEs that affect container images, but are limited to container images that are used in platform namespaces. (Platform namespaces are partially defined by the ACS engineering team, but can be added to by end users).

I took a stab at updating the wording for accuracy based on how we defined these CVEs:

```suggestion
You can create and download an on-demand image vulnerability report by clicking *Vulnerability Management* -> *Reports* and selecting the *Report configurations* tab in the {rh-rhacs-first} portal. This report contains a comprehensive list of common vulnerabilities and exposures in clusters, deployments, and namespaces. Vulnerabilities in the application images of a deployment are called workload CVEs. Platform CVEs are vulnerabilities related specifically to the orchestrator itself, such as the kube-api-server or generic OpenShift vulnerabilities, and are limited to container images that appear in namespaces designated "Platform Components".
```
